hey what is going on guys my name is
Eric or hazardous and welcome back to
episode 70 GTA 5 stunts or fail so
before we continue this week's episode
we are first going to go ahead and take
a look at last week's clips one more
time just to find out if they are stunts
or fails so I will be right back you
guys
all right there you go so as you can see
the first one was a fail at the second
one was a stunt and the third one was
also a fail so what we're going to go
ahead and do right now is of course go
back to episode six and take a look at
the comment section so we can go in and
pick a winner that will win twenty five
dollars off of game time zone com so
let's go ahead and hop over to google
chrome right now alright so here we are
in the comment section of the last
episode so as you can see we got 796
comments I think so let's go ahead and
go over to random.org so we can put the
minimum 2 1 and the maximum to 709
that's 76 796 here we go and let's go
ahead and hit generate so the lucky
number is 723 so now i will just go
through all of the comments until i
reached 723 and then i will pick a
winner so i will be right back you guys
alright so here is our winner as you can
see it Brandon authors and he gets
correctly failed stunts faint so
congratulations to you Brandon you will
get a message from me in your youtube
inbox so make sure to go ahead and check
that out and yeah right as you see this
video but anyways let's go ahead and hop
back to GTA 5 and continue with this
week's episode alright so now when we
are done with that we are gonna go ahead
and take a look at the brand new clips
for this week's episode so without
further ado let's go ahead and roll
those clips
all right there you go so this should
the poster gets us down in the comment
section below if you think it's a stunt
or a fail for a chance to win a $25 gift
card off of game time zone com that are
kind enough to be sponsoring this series
but yeah guys that is pretty much
everything that have to say for this
episode be sure to get this video a like
if you enjoyed it and I will talk to you
guys tomorrow take care
you